fix: various fixes (#29)
Azure/Azure-Landing-Zones: docs/content/accelerator/troubleshooting.md

│
╵
```

## `Error: Failed to delete resource` - when destroying the platform landing zone on the `module.management_groups.module.management_groups.azapi_resource.subscription_<platform subscription>` resource

> If you are trying to destroy your platform landing zone and you see three errors like the below, it is because you don't have permissions on the management group that it is trying to m ove the subscriptions to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are trying to destroy your platform landing zone and you see three errors like the below, it is because you don't have permissions on the management group that it is trying to move the subscriptions to.
```
